hey guys how's it going welcome back
again to my road to Battlefield 4 where
I talk about some of the bigger concepts
issues the new things that we're looking
forward to the battle for as it
approaches in the fall today I wanted to
talk about as I made these videos what
am I four five six of them in including
other videos where I'm talking about if
the form reacting the battle for the
information we have this for I've
noticed a reoccurring theme in my
commentaries every time I take an item a
contact I talk about the good and the
bad and I way I weighed the pros and
cons and come to some kind of
realization on how I feel about it and
hopefully you know maybe we start a
discussion with you guys I always seem
to end the videos with a caveat and with
something where I say please make this
toggle bolt I mean I've been saying this
since battlefield 3 vanilla especially
as the DLCs came out most notably the
c-130 these things I'm of the thinking
right now that everything that they add
to the game you know besides like the
core components like you shoot somebody
he dies should be toggleable on the
server if you're renting a private
server you should be able to kind of
configure the game how you want to now
there's different ways you know I guess
I should start off in saying that like I
understand y dice wants the game played
a certain way it's their game it's their
baby it's there it's what they put their
blood sweat and tears into says I want
to see it played in the way they
envision it being played and I totally
understand that and there's ways to
influence that other games do it
remarkably well be it you know if the
dice official servers only play this
standard rule set that's fine how about
sponsoring leagues and tournaments that
promote the standard rule sets that's
two of the most obvious ways they can
influence the games be mainly played how
they envision it beyond that though once
I start putting money down on a private
server I actually able to configure the
game how I want to and
the biggest reason I think everything
should be talkable is a fail safe but
let's be honest here guys all concepts
don't work all you know new features
don't add good things to the game look
look at automatic shotguns let's look
good obviously the c-130 there's certain
concepts I mean look at how many people
not myself but hated suppression do you
think it would have caused a lot more
enjoyment for your player base to have
some freshening toggleable now me
personally I would have sought out
servers that had suppression I enjoy
suppression but I know many many of you
listening right now do not and you would
have sought out you know servers that
did not have it that's your prerogative
that's how you enjoy the game more and
the bottom line for designers is to have
your player base enjoy your game so as I
continue to say this like I said as a
fail-safe for features that aren't
actually going to work out or or you
know maybe they do on paper maybe they
work out great for the first month but
then someone figures out how to use it
to grief and it just kind of destroys
the experience for other people well if
it's a fail-safe if it's coated in there
that I can just just disable that from
my server until they fix it ie Mavs
riding you says frags and 26 dart Jesus
the list goes on if I could've just one
of my servants at oh you know I'm 26
Dart you're not going to fix that for
two or three months all right I'll just
disabled for my server for now life's
better for everyone so you know
obviously that to me just makes tons of
sense and dice is obviously showing a
lot of hesitation towards that and I
understand some of it I do not
understand all of it but it doesn't need
you know rocket science to extrapolate
that a little further and realize that
why can't we really have kind of custom
game modes I mean if you're gonna make
everything toggleable then you know give
us a parameter a core value of say the
rush game type and then we can add on
and remove and tack on whatever else we
want be it you know let's see
suppression will be a good one the into
the new ammo system how do you want that
to work of spawning on squad leader only
we had that one already um hardcore you
know health levels and was it sixty
percent something like that kill cams
you can do squad size you can do weapons
both obviously these some of these
things are already in the game please
going here so we have the core I mean
think about like a squad rush well then
we could totally customize it to exactly
how we want to play it and we could
throw a tournament I mean maybe its
pistols only I don't know just I'm just
saying like the possibilities are
endless and I just think it would go a
long way to add into the longevity of
this game because the idea here is to
you know diversify I mean one of the
biggest fries I still love that
battlefield 3 I still love it I get on I
enjoy the game unfortunately at this
point in its life cycle it doesn't take
very long for that enjoyment to wear off
again and may just kind of get bored I
mean I've played TDM nose hair canals a
thousand times the same game mode on the
same map and unfortunately that's all
that's out there so I think influencing
and pushing creativity to some extent
and just diversification of the game
modes the maps I mean there's been a lot
of talk about you know nighttime daytime
snow dynamic weather you know same map
just tweak it up a little bit just to
change it so it's slightly different
tactics will work here they won't work
there I'm all for these things and I
just think making everything on the
periphery you know aside from the basics
a toggle because i think i would lead to
some very interesting server now listen
it'll lead to some terrible servers but
we've already got those so we can't be
afraid of terrible service they're
already out there give me a good filter
that works from launch and i can never
see those service so let me know you
guys think i mean obvious i think
there's gonna be a pretty i mean i don't
see the harm in making things toggleable
let me know am i missing something
talking to you guys i mean why can't we
have completely custom game modes now i
actually that's that's incorrect i don't
think we should have completely custom
game modes whenever you get mod tools
don't don't don't start that discussion
on me it's not going to happen dice
clearly sees frost plate as a revenue
stream they're not going to just release
mod tools i don't see it happening you
know any near future so short of modules
why can't we have server customization
to the point where we can instead of
just having standard motor in hardcore
mode we can have any number of different
variations i think it would great be
great i think will be a lot of
and I think it would really add to
longevity of the game what do you guys
think hit me up in the comments and
let's start a discussion on this like
always guys thanks so much for listening
I will talk to you soon take care